many Americans feel that their country
is extraordinary because their
Constitution is extraordinary any
Constitution would seem extraordinary to
you if you have only read the one people
like to disrespect my truth but the fact
is that you know my name is I don't know
you and Americans are indeed encouraged
from their early childhood to read the
Constitution in a kind of poetic
isolation where each verse of this
strange poem is open to a very modern
very abstract interpretation where it
has been abstracted from the particular
historical circumstances of its writing
the intellectual background that
provided the author's what they saw as
their available options and putting
together a constitution from various
precedents and influences the American
Constitution is not presented as being
closely comparable to other cross
currents that were then ongoing in
European civilization and culture it's
not presented as something very similar
to and intellectually derivative of the
work of the Baron de Montesquieu it's
not presented as something closely
comparable to and derivative of the work
of Cesare Beccaria author I'd like to
talk about most of all in this video and
of course the sense of American
uniqueness would start to diminish not
only if you saw the Constitution in that
context but if you started engaging in
the comparative study of constitutions
in the plural putting the United States
Constitution next to the experiments
that went on in other countries around
the world in the century that followed
after or other constitutions around the
world as they exist today in the 21st
century America would seem slightly less
special but degrees it's also true that
all of us live with a sort of denial
about the huge cultural gap that
differentiates us in our assumptions
from the authors of that Constitution I
think most Americans do grow up with a
few anecdotes about their founding
fathers shooting each other in duels
Melissa did you did you learn
about that in school did you ever get a
funny anecdote about this or that
president United States or members of
Congress in the Senate in those days
fighting each other in duels was that
part of the yeah part of the spice of
life it's America well it's it's a
pretty fundamental assumption that it
was your civic right as a gentleman and
the word gentleman has a lot of
untranslatable significance in the
English language that it was your right
as a gentleman to settle your disputes
through a duel by fighting to the death
and this is something I've read
discussed in many sources some formal
and informal I remember one book that
was a formal study of the history of
dueling and that books thesis was that
the United States was a little bit
old-fashioned at the time of the writing
Constitution it was maybe 50 years
behind the trend in countries like
England and France but all the major
European countries England France Italy
Russia they all emerged from a medieval
culture of dueling at their own pace
whether slowly or quickly they came into
this more modern sense that if you
murdered someone it was a crime whether
or not that person consented to have a
fight to death with you but at the time
the writing Constitution perhaps much
more alien than the assumptions that
surrounded slavery much more alien than
the assumptions that surrounded genocide
of indigenous people war conquest and
enslavement of indigenous people perhaps
most alien of all was this assumption
that I think all of the right to the
authors of the Constitution participated
in this assumption I think a hundred
percent of them shared proved me wrong
if you guys know someone might email and
email me in an exception to the rule
it's possible I think a hundred percent
of them shared in the culture of the
duel
so I'm opening this video by suggesting
to you than Americans today in 2019 the
American public is not merely passively
ignorant of the intellectual legacy of
the Baron de Montesquieu and Cesare
Beccaria they're actively ignorant of
this
it's a self-selected intentional
blindness because they prefer to see
their own constitution as a kind of
perfect abstract poem which it is not it
is instead the deeply flawed product of
very peculiar cultural circumstances and
those circumstances are so peculiar that
they include the outrageous assumption
that men ought to be able to murder one
another in a duel that parents ought to
be able to circumcise their own children
cutting off part of their penis that
human beings ought to be able to enslave
other human beings to hunt and capture
indigenous people there within the
United States America and put them into
slavery many other forms of slavery
besides just the importation of people
of African ancestry of slaves and indeed
this brings me back to what inspired
this video the intellectual legacy of
cesare beccaria is all over the American
Constitution
[Music]
again you can send me an email if you
can name a single author of the
Constitution who ever disclaimed that
they were not influenced by Cesare
Beccaria or who said that they were
opposed to his legal philosophy this was
an unbelievably influential source for
about a hundred and fifty years after
its publication and one of the reasons
why it was so influential in contrast to
books today is that it's sort of written
in brief expostulations that invite
further debate it's the sort of text
that people would sit and read aloud in
short passages in a drawing room or a
salon and remember it's not just that
people were illiterate in the past
glasses were very expensive to read
through lenses and the majority people
on earth I think still today a very
large percentage of people can't really
read or can't read well without wearing
glasses so one person would read aloud
and other people would sit around and
comment and discuss it's much forgotten
today in the same way that people used
to play music together with instruments
because they didn't have other forms of
entertainment people used to read
together and comment on and discuss what
they were reading and this resulted in
different styles of book becoming
popular even at the dawn of the
newspaper that was one of the most
commonly seen sites where people reading
out the short stories from the newspaper
reading them aloud to gathered people in
a tea house and a coffeehouse bar or
what-have-you
the social element of reading aloud has
largely disappeared from reading and
likewise the social element of playing
music has largely disappeared from music
as digital forms of music have become
cheap and ubiquitous and other forms of
entertainment now exist to to distract
us now there was a controversy there was
a controversy caused by Kanye West
questioning why in the American
Constitution slavery is protected for
people committed to prison now why
indeed
I can also ask why do Americans engage
these two paints why do they ask these
questions without ever pressing forward
for answers there is an answer there's
an incredibly obvious answer and the
answer is Cesare Beccaria the answer is
all of these guys read the philosophy of
law set down by Cesare Beccaria Macario
wasn't a legislator proposing particular
laws as I say his style of writing is
more exposed to Latorre inviting debate
but he really set out a sort of meta law
sort of meta legislation within which
the the authors of the Constitution
filled in the details now the Barone de
Montesquieu another incredibly important
influence a topic for another video and
Cesare Beccaria he actually argued
against torture and he also argued
against the death penalty and this made
him seem incredibly enlightened
incredibly progressive incredibly
positive for his era and of course this
is misleading ultimately we have a sort
of radical incommensurate II between our
expectations and interest today in the
21st century and the assumptions that
are written into the American
Constitution and this is precisely why
Americans don't really want to know
what's in their constitution in the same
sense that meat eaters want to buy
hotdogs and live in a kind of ignorance
about what's really in the hotdogs they
don't want to see what happens in the
factory they don't want to see what's in
the slaughterhouse there's a pleasing
allusion to the wholeness of the hotdog
as one finished unit Americans don't
really want to see where their
Constitution came from either perhaps
because if they did know those things it
would force them to question and
ultimately reject the authority of the
authors of their constitution as people
who were in some ways just wrong um and
in other ways frankly evil so Cesare
Beccaria
in this context set down as a very
positive thing from his perspective the
idea of slavery as a punishment rather
than torture rather than execution he
really thought it was a very good thing
to have slaves
as punishments for serious crimes and it
is not written into the Constitution
accidentally or due to vague wording
those men who wrote the Constitution
some of them positive believed in the
enslavement of Africans but they
absolutely believed in what do you ever
say carceral slavery or slavery as a
form of incarceration I don't know how
how better to put it penal slavery
that's the term I'm looking for okay now
likewise if we were to ask the question
today as almost every day of the year
there are questions circulating about
why the ownership of guns is protected
in the United States Constitution in the
peculiar way that it is and today the
whole left wing will jump up and say ah
technically the Constitution doesn't
quite say that Tecla it's a little bit
vague or unclear to what extent that
passage the Constitution is talking
about the rights of individual people to
own guns and to what extent it started
with the rights of the states of local
governments don't or even the say the
local city authorities telling us to
what extent is it saying one of the
other well if you wanted to know the
answer just like getting to the bottom
of these other issues what would you
look into you'd look into the writing of
chess kripacharya it's the depressing
truth and guess what
just as all these men who participated
in writing the Constitution participated
in duels participated in dueling they
believed in the barbaric laughable
cultural practice of men killing each
other over a point of Honor so - by the
way did supposedly enlightened thinkers
like Tolstoy and Turgenev in Russia each
of these countries in Europe Russia
Italy France they emerged from the
culture of the duel at a different rate
but Tolstoy and Turgenev over nothing
they were going to duel to the death
they well they were riding a train
together and they had to wait for the
train to come to a station where it
would stop long enough for them to get
out of the Train and shoot each other
then get back from the Train and by the
time the train got to that station
they'd both calm down they decided to
cancel the tool well if they'd shot each
other I guess the history of Russian
literature would have either
missing out on Tolstoy or its Organia
but one of the other of them would have
gotten shot possibly both sometimes both
men would would die in a duel whether
they were fought with with swords knives
or or with guns so you want to tell me
that the authors of the Constitution
participating in this gruesome awful
culture of honor killings there's a
loaded term of duels to the death you
want to tell me they didn't believe in
private personal gun ownership well what
does what does cesare beccaria they're
sourcebook their philosophy of meta
legislation what does what does it say
well he opens his passage saying that
there are all these absurd laws that
people propose in the time that we live
people propose laws that are just as
observed as trying to make fire illegal
because people are afraid of being burnt
people who want to make water illegal
because of the fear of drowning
along with absurd laws of this kind he
includes in the same category the
concept of a lawd forbid people from
wearing arms wearing arms here means
carrying a gun possibly carrying a sword
because these laws would disarm only
those who are not disposed to commit the
crime which the laws mean to prevent can
it be supposed that those who have the
courage to violate the most sacred laws
of humanity and the most important of
the code will respect the less
considerable and arbitrary injunctions
the violation of which is so easy and of
so little comparative importance he asks
again the style of this you can see he's
not really presenting facts or evidence
he's raising these questions and then
the readers at this time quite possibly
reading this aloud would engage in
discussion does not the execution of
this law deprive the subject of that
personal liberty so dear to mankind and
to the wise legislature question yeah
you really see why this style of writing
had to die with the 18th century it just
just didn't make it into the 19th
century let alone the 20th and does it
not subject the innocent
to all the disagreeable circumstances
that should only fall on the guilty it
certainly makes the situation of the
assaulted worse and of the assailants
better and rather encourages than
prevents murder as it requires less
courage to attack unarmed than armed
persons so to be clear at the end there
what he's suggesting is that if you
deprive people of their right to carry
guns or to carry arms then it's only
going to cause more murder because you
know the victims of murder or theft or
robbery will be disarmed whereas the
criminals will not be so this excuse in
less florid language is still with us to
this day in the USA this debate never
ended in 2019 and this really was the
guiding philosophy behind the United
States of America in its bizarre social
experiment of setting up a quote-unquote
constitutional republic not a democracy
a constitutional republic of gun
carrying slave owners who would fight
each other to the death over a point of
Honor and who participated in a
fundamentally aristocratic set of values
philosophy of state and government that
is completely repugnant to us to this
day I think if we go back now and study
the Baron de Montesquieu and Cesare
Beccaria
the whole legal philosophy of that era
and we read the American Constitution in
that context and if we even just compare
it to other constitutions at the time
let alone constitutions of modern
European states like Portugal and
Germany that you know wrote new
constitutions in the 20th century I
don't think anyone could come to the
conclusion that the American
Constitution is some kind of
unimpeachable masterpiece on the
contrary it was an experiment and by
definition an experiment is something
you undertake with the outcomes being
unknown and unknowable and in many
these ways that experiment has now
failed and the American people want to
ignore the first principles that lurk
beneath the particular wording of their
constitution precisely because they're
terrified to discover that those first
principles may be bad and repugnant and
wrong laws ultimately are just words
written on pieces of paper by fallible
men and women and this whole tradition
began with so long in Athens and Solon
made the fateful mistake of writing laws
in poetry that was inspirational and
vague to hear but that was open to
interpretation and reinterpretation and
that is why all of the authors at the
time including even Aristotle say that
so Long's Constitution that his
intellectual legacy did not work in some
ways I feel like the Western world
burdened with this notion of a poetic
and vague and inspiring Constitution
from so modern a that ancient Athens
we're still catching up with where China
was 2,300 years ago with the Han phatso
were still catching up with examining
the most fundamental principles what he
is to have rule of law what is the role
of the public what is the role of the
elites that controls so much in our
society I think those are questions
we've been sleepwalking along side their
questions we just haven't wanted to ask
because frankly if we ask them it would
lead us to all kinds of uncomfortable
answers like how is it we came up with
these excuses for separation of church
and state that ensure that religious
families are going to cut off parts of
the penises of their male children
forever and ever and ever that
circumcision never gets challenged that
religious authority is in fact protected
and propounded and perpetuated for how
many centuries forever why does the
Constitution have this stuff of the
progress of science what is the meaning
of democracy the meaning of democracy
cannot be living your life
in a perpetual state of intellectual
indebtedness to a class of slave-owning
gun toting duel fighting aristocratic
bigots from centuries ago men whom today
you would not agree with on any issue
whatsoever not even the meaning of
something as simple as the separation of
church and state I mean people like to
disrespect my truth but the fact is that
you know my name is I don't know